---
layout: topic
---
# Overview

Amazon services are usually configured using an
<a href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html"
target="_blank">Amazon Resource Name (ARN)</a>.  An ARN typically requires
a user's account number and the region where the solution is deployed.
This step defines these values so that the functions of DragonPulse may
use them.

## General Configuration

DragonPulse relies upon a set of general configuration options including
information needed to configure the Amazon services as well as the application.

The configuration script is located from the root of the DragonPulse project
in the config/index.js file

```sh
$ cd config
```

### Amazon Account Number and Region

DragonPulse requires the AWS deployment region and an account number.  An
assumption is made that you are the owner of the account and may not work
if you are using another account.  For example, if your account number is
**012345678901** and DragonPulse will be deployed in the **us-east-1**
region then update the config/index.js configuration file to

```js
region: 'us-east-1',
accountNumber: '012345678901',
```

### Certificate Registry

The certificate registry defines the location of where the certificates of
the things will be stored.  This directory is specified relative to the
user's home directory

```js
admin: {
  registry: 'arrow/registry'
}
```

The setting of 'arrow/registry' will result in the certificates being stored
in the directory

```js
cd ~/arrow/registry/${THING_ID}
```

This setting should be the same for that of the DragonConnect application
and will result in certificates generated by the either application being
stored in the same location.  If the registry setting of each application
is different, then the generated certificates will be stored in the
directory specified by that of the respective application.
